# Reflections: 2020 Covid-19

#### How have I been feeling?

The past couple weeks since coming back from Taiwan have been difficult. I've seen my net worth tank considerably and while that's difficult, it's a lot more painful to watch comeback opportunities come and go.

#### How have I been coping with that?

With the former, I guess it helps to bear in mind that mum thinks I'm still doing pretty well and dad doesn't seem too worried anymore. That said, I guess there's some respite in knowing that the prices will eventually recover but I've found some solace in an idea from Sun Tzu which more or less goes as such: one must first be blessed before they can be laid low.

With the latter, I'm still struggling with it. It's been a really difficult and expensive learning curve to say the least.

I think the key issue is that I had a plan to buy-in again once stock prices were 10% lower than when I sold; except that, even when those conditions were met, I didn't stick to it.

On 18th March 2020, I waited and watched as NVDA went into the 180 territory (nearly a 20% decline from when I sold) and I still didn't buy in -- on the grounds that maybe given that the index had breached this level, it would fall further. That clearly did not happen.

Again, to quote the 47th Law of Power:
> Do not go past the mark you aimed for -- in victory learn when to stop.

+ The moment of victory is often the moment of greatest peril.
+ Do not allow success to go to your head.
+ There is no substitute for strategy and careful planning.
+ Set a goal and when you reach it, stop.

 > History is littered with the ruins of victorious empires and the corpses of leaders who could not learn to stop and consolidate their gains.
 
#### Lessons I have learnt
 
Even when shit hits the fan, and stocks are down, e.g. the two consecutive super bad days, do not capitulate on a red day --> bear market rallies are frequent, so sell and reposition then.

Execute your strategies as planned; you must control your own psychology as per Templeton did.

#### Thoughts on the current market

Well, missed the huge ass rally and AMD/NVDA at back at January levels so, I've gotta reposition into something else that isn't semiconductor stocks.

That said, I definitely need to wait for a dip before buying (don't FOMO-buy).

My take on the current rally is that it's somewhat delusional; yes, there's a shit ton of money coming in from fiscal/monetary policy but the outbreak has yet to really take hold in the entirety of America.

New York is getting hit hard, and they're still not imposing a lock down on domestic flights which means it's essentially free to spread to any other state -- I don't think things are going to get better on a whole till domestic flights are prohibited.

That said, maybe yesterday night's rally made sense on the market psychology part of it -- buy on the rumour and sell on the news.

Doesn't seem like that's ever gone wrong from a game theory perspective; you just have to be fast.




